windowTitle         =Client window
yearOfBirth         =year of birth
possibleXValues     =x can be
possibleYValues     =y can be
startButtonLabel    =Start
stopButtonLabel     =Stop
nameLabel           =Name
tipsLabel           =Tips
genderLabel         =Gender
typeLabel           =Type
yearLabel1          =Year
yearLabel2          =of birth
massLabel           =Mass
conditionLabel      =Condition
isAliveLabel        =Is alive
shortMaleLabel      =M
shortFemaleLabel    =F
normalTypeLabel     =Ordinary citizen
policeTypeLabel     =Policeman
banditTypeLabel     =Bandit
arrestedCondLabel   =Arrested
imprisonedCondLabel =Imprisoned
freeCondLabel       =Free
humanGenderMale     =male
